CS146 Assignment 4 Problem 1 Documentation

NAME: C-interp 
SYNOPSIS: ln -s C-interp [FILE]
DESCRIPTION:
Acts as a C language interpreter by having a soft link of the C file point to it. When the C file is called, “C-interp” will compile and execute the file.c along with the arguments given.
“C-interp” places all the files created temporarily in the “/tmp/” folder, and after completion, deletes the entire folder. 
Temporary files are deleted even if the program is interrupted by Exit, Hangup, Interrupt, Quit, and Terminate.


CS146 Assignment 4 Problem 2 Documentation

NAME: every.c
SYNOPSIS: every [-N,M] [list-of-files]
DESCRIPTION:
C program that prints M lines out of every N lines. N, M are integers that fit the following: N > 0, M >= 0, and M <= N
If M is omitted but N is entered [-N], then M will default to 1: [-N,1]
If -N,M is not included, “every” will search for the environment variable EVERY and take its options.
If -N,M and EVERY is not available, the program will default to -1,1.
When multiple files are included on the command line, “every” will handle each file independently and in the order they were provided.
If no files were entered on the command line, “every” will take input from standard input.


CS146 Assignment 4 Problem 3 Documentation

NAME: srm.c
SYNOPSIS: srm [FILE] . . .
DESCRIPTION:
Safely removes files given in its arguments. Files are hidden in place with a unique prefix and can be un-removed using the “unrm” command. Safe-rm’d files will be added to a trash list that can all be removed with the “trash” command. When srm is called with a directory, the entire directory will be safe-rm'd. 

NAME: unrm.c
SYNOPSIS: unrm [FILE] . . .
DESCRIPTION:
Un-removes files that were hidden in place by “srm” and not yet trashed by “trash”. “unrm” removes the unique prefix that hides the file and returns the filename back to its original form. “unrm” will only un-remove the files given in its arguments. “unrm” can only un-remove files explicitly safe-removed through the command “srm”. “unrm” will only work with the current directory. “unrm” does not remove the filename from the trash list because “trash” will ignore the filename, so un-removed files will not be trashed.

NAME: trash.c
SYNOPSIS: trash [ignored command line arguments]
DESCRIPTION:
Permanently removes all files in the trash list that were safe-rm’d by “srm”. “trash” takes no
arguments. Trash will ignore duplicate filenames and files that are no longer safe-rm’d in its trash list. If a directory was safe-rm’d, “trash” will recursively descend into the directory and subdirectories and delete everything inside.

